Having just run the experiment described in Part 1, you are now tasked with coming up with the
next experiment to run on the mobile homepage.

  1. List five potential improvements you would make to the current page. Explain your reasoning.
  2. What additional data would you like to know to help you assess which idea to prioritize?
  3. How would you measure the success or failure of each of these chang




Five improvements
-------------------------
All of the following improvement ideas could be tested with an AB test similar to the one we just conducted.



  1. Try a strategy that combines location and popularity.  For example, location gets a point value between 0 and 1, and popularity gets a point value between 0 and 1.  The sum of these point values is the total point value for a category.  For simplicity let's say that a category has a single location (but in reality we can do these computations on a per-event basis and figure out what to do w/ the categories from that).

Let MD be the maximum distance (in minutes, by google maps drive time estimate) across all categories.

Let d be the distance of the category.

Then 1 - d/MD can be the location point value.

Similarly, let MT be the maximum number of tickets sold across all categories.

Let t be the number of tickets sold of the category.

Then t/MT can be the popularity point value.




  2. Use user data to get a more specific idea of what is popular for THEM.  We can use machine learning to build a predictive algorithm to see which categories they are most likely to buy tickets from, and then use the top 10 categories on the user's home page.

The algo could potentially take in input data such as location, age, gender, education, interests, ethnicity, and output probabilities of buying tickets in each category.

Any ML algorithm that fits the data well could do.  It could be logistic regression, decision trees, neural networks, and possibly even an ensemble model combining different techniques.  It all depends on the data once you get your hands on it.



  3. Use the user's social connections to predict what they will buy.  If users give Facebook and/or similar products access to their viagogo accounts, then we can examine their social network to see what their friends are buying.

Consider the network of people.  A pair of people are connected by an edge if the two people are "friends".  Consider user U.  Any person P in the network has a "shortest path" distance to user U, which is the smallest number of edges you need to traverse to get from P to U.  This is also commonly referred to as the "Erdős number" or recently in popular culture the "Kevin Bacon number".  Every time somebody buys a ticket, and that person has a shortest distance of d to U, then the point value 1/d can be assigned to that purchase.  For each distinct category, we sum up the point values of all purchases within that category, arriving at a category-level point value.

Finally, we compare the categories and take the top 10.



  4. Consider making the height of the panes smaller so that more of them appear on the screen.

Perhaps users are lazy and don't scroll down, and so perhaps they only see the top 3 or so categories, even though there are 10.  It is possible, then, that increasing the number of categories they see on the home screen without scrolling would increase our conversion rate.  We would simply reduce the height of each pane, and/or put two columns of panes instead of one, in order to show more categories on a single screen.



  5. Consider changing the number of categories that appear on the home page.  For example, 7 instead of 10.  We could test a bunch of values like [1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 16] and see if they fare better than 10 or not.




  * Look at previous purchases of an event among people of that location to see what they are buying.
  * Consider the number of tickets you need to sell.  It makes no sense to advertise a very popular event if the tickets are already sold out.




